The Joe Rogan experience.
And it's not just China, and this is the theory,
but the thing about the lab league and why I actually want to de culture,
you had Josh Rogan on and he, he did excellent job. He's really good.
That guy's amazing. What he, what he expertly shows is if this is true,
the lab league hypothesis is true. Yes. The Chinese covered up. Guess what?
The Chinese are liars and they covered up SARS and they've covered up based
everything. That's come outta their country for the last like 30 years.
That's not a shocker. The shocker is Dr. Anthony Fauci, 2017,
reverses the ban on gain of function.
Research directs this funding to EcoHealth Alliance, Dr. Peter Daza,
who then gives it to the Wuhan Institute of virology for the study of novel bat
coronaviruses. And then when the pandemic turns around,
we take Dr. Peter Daza as the only American to join the w world
health organization's investigation team into weather coronavirus leak from a
lab.
And on 60 minutes, I, I forget who it was interviewing him. She goes, well,
wait, so do, how did you verify it? Did you just ask them? And he goes, well,
what tells can we do? Cause he's also half British and that he goes, well, uh,
what else can we do? Oh, uh, we could read emails.
We could also see that D Peter Daza, as of two days ago has been caught lying.
He said there were no live bats. Yeah.
Inside of the Wuhan Institute of virology sky news,
Australia just revealed 2017 video that bats were present
inside Wuhan virology. And the deputy director says before this,
China had no experience in BSL four lab.
That's the highest level safety for a laboratory, but we have been here and I,
I don't forget, I don't wanna MIS misquote him,
but he said something along the lines of creating new viruses,
synthesizing new viruses and what Fauci and Dr. She,
who was the head of the Wuhan Institute of virology. They're playing games,
Fauci and ran Paul when ran Paul was pressing him. He was like,
we did not fund gain of function research.
He's trying to define it as explicitly what he wa what is on the record of him
funding Dr. She is the same thing. We were not doing gain of function research.
This is actually.
This is actually, this is amazing. I don't know if you caught,
she did an email interview with the New York times. Yeah. Which was mostly,
I mean, it was just, you know, the standard like state party line from China,
but they asked her about gain of function research.
And I'm sure your listeners mostly know, know that gain of function.
Research is basically modifying these to see you. What,
how can we make these pathogens more dangerous? Right.
And it's very it's in and of itself,
very dangerous because these things do leak from labs, um, relatively routinely.
And she says we were not doing gain a function research because what we were
doing, wasn't making it more virent or dangerous.
It was seeing if it could jump for, from species to species. I'm sorry,
isn't that like the definition of making it more dangerous for us seeing if you
can make it jump into our species. Like that seems like that's pretty dangerous.
So they're trying to play these. It's not technically gain a,
how does Fauci get away.
With standing there under oath and saying media, right. A hundred percent.
It's all media pressure, which is.
He's the God, it's the, it's the anti-Trump arrangement syndrome, right?
Fauci was put up as like the anti-Trump guy.
And he became this liberal icon. I mean, there are these signs in Washington,
DC of people's yards. I don't know if you have 'em here,
but it's literally his face on a sign. And like, thank you. Thank you,
Dr. Fauci.
This is what we're dealing with, Joe. This is what we're dealing with.
Terrible worship, right? And again, no one is above reproach.
Every human being is flawed.
And especially when you're in that kind of position of power,
and you have certain incentives,
like you have to ask questions about these things,
but there was another element too. And this was frankly,
in an ingenious play by the media and the scientific community is not only was
it oh,
Trump and his band of whackos are the ones that are promoting this theory.
But also that this theory is somehow racist mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And the moment that the lab leak theory was pegged as racist.
That's when it really became toxic for anyone in the mainstream to ask questions
about, because you don't wanna be pegged as like, oh, well,
you're just pursuing this racist conspiracy theory.
And my thought has always been from the beginning. Like, first of all,
we just need the answer, like neutrally to look at what actually happened here.
But second of all, if we're are playing them, which is more racists game,
it seemed way worse to me when people were like, Ooh,
Chinese people eat bets and that's disgusting. And they're so weird.
And that's how we all got this pandemic.
That seemed to me way more problematic than the idea that a lab,
that by the way, the USA is funding,
that something leaked accidentally from that lab.
So that was really the thing that put this all off the table was this strategic
weaponization of, you know, what is a very real problem of, of alleging racism?
It's the scientific community teamed up with the, well,
basically they got the luckiest break of their lives.
That Trump was president because they teamed up with the media. That's true.
And they made it so that it was racist to question even recently,
then lead new Yorktown. I reporter on COVID tweeted and then deleted.
Are we ever going well,
someday we will acknowledge the racist origins of the lab league theory,
New York times reporter. Yeah, I saw the was in charge of COVID right?
This is still in their, in their brains. They have brain worms because of Trump.
And I was telling crystal because of Trump, 35% of this popul,
you could have smoking gun proof. Their lab league theory was true.
35% of the population, hardcore Democrats who watch MSNBC.
They'll never believe it. They'll always say that it's racist.
And here's the problem, which this is the same problem with all Trump stuff.
If gain, if this is true,
we should be having a national conversation around Gaina function research.
We should have a Wuhan commission around Gaina function research.
Instead they wanna do a January 6th commission in order to reconstruct of the
events of a day where we all know what happened. Okay, it's over.
We know I'm not saying it wasn't terrible, but that is not what the driving con,
what is it it's June 15th?
Why are we still talking about gain about January 6th?
We should be talking right now.
Did us government funds explicitly directed towards novel coronavirus research,
which led to the worst pandemic in a century and cost of the global economy,
trillions of dollars.
And as Josh is the first one to point out the response from the scientific
community has been, we need more gain of function research
$1.2 billion to the global viral project. And so once again,
the scientific community wanted all of this covered up.
They teamed up with the media to protect their funding resources,
because what people forget Fauci is actually the king of funding,
the national Institute of infectious disease. I believe that's N I a D.
That's what he's in charge of.
They are the primary funding authority for huge amounts of the scientific
community. We Dr. Brett Weinstein on our show, and he was explaining this to us,
which is that if you're inside of that research system,
you need access to those dollars to keep your lab afloat.
Like for my dad is a professor at Texas a and M.
And so I know a little bit about funding and like the way that you keep your
tenure positions in a lot of these universities is you have to like continually
bring funding in. So both my parents are professors there.
And so like a lot of the professorial game is getting money from granting
institutions. Now in the science community,
it's from the national science foundation,
it's from the national Institute or whatever Fauci is the head of the national
Institute of health. They have to keep the dollars flowing.
So if you admit this is gain of function, research, you start asking questions,
NIH in Fauci can cut you off. Like this is a whole business.
It's a multi-billion dollar. I mean,
it's an industry because it's about research. And look,
the core theme of our show is like, follow the money, right?
So follow the money. Where's the money lead at least Fauci Peter Daza.
And it's like, look, I don't wanna sound crazy,
but this is basically like a global conspiracy in terms of the Chinese
government. Uh, it's a total coverup of the Chinese government,
the us government, the guy who was on the TV.
And we were all supposed to trust this entire time. And it turns out like,
he's the guy who reversed the band in the first place in order to take advantage
of the chaos under Trump. And I know it's so complicated and regular people,
this is what bothers me most about the mainstream media.
People wanna live their lives and they want answers.
And increasingly they know they are being lied to,
but they do not have the time cuz it's our job in order to, you know,
explain all this about Peter Daza and the world health organization.
What is gain a function research, how Washington actually works,
the global funding structures, et cetera, people are being lied to.
They have been completely to on the story.
I think I do think this is the biggest failure since Iraq WMD.
I think this is WMD 2.0.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog Jr E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app. Go two Spotify.
Now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.